---
title: "4. Create Smart Home Skill"
date: 2019-09-05T23:06:51+08:00
draft: false
chapter: false
weight: 340
---

Using the Alexa Developer portal, we are going to configure the Smart Home Skill. 

At the end of this step you'll obtain the **Skill Id** that will be used to setup your skill logic in Lambda.

{{% notice warning %}}
In order to successuflly run this workshop as-is you need to have an Alexa account registered in the US. If you are unsure about where your account has been registered to, we advice to create a **new account**.
{{% /notice %}}

1. In a web browser, go to the [Alexa Skills Kit Developer Console](https://developer.amazon.com/alexa/console/ask). 
If not already authenticated, you may have to Sign In with your Amazon Developer Account. The account credentials are the 
same as for your Amazon account, and you'll need to create one if you don't have it already.

1. Click the **Create Skill** button. If you do not see it select Alexa->Alexa Skill Kit from the nav bar.

1. For the Skill name, enter **SmartLamp**

1. Leave the Default language as **English (US)**

1. Under Choose a model to add to your skill select the **Smart Home** model

1. Under Choose a method to host your skill's backend resources 
select **Provision your own**

1. Click the **Create a skill** button


When completed, you should be at the configuration page for a newly created **SmartLamp** page.
In the Smart Home service endpoint section, locate the Your Skill ID value and click the 
**Copy to clipboard** link to copy and then paste it in a text file.
The **Skill Id** will be used later.  **You do not have to configure any other things yet**. 

